
> How many children Shakespeare have?
The following generation flags are not valid and may be ignored: ['temperature', 'top_p', 'top_k']. Set `TRANSFORMERS_VERBOSITY=info` for more details.

Three Children doth thus speak, O most assured truth!

> WHat where they name?

Nay, thus doth not my tongue the text rehearse,
Nor from the book of facts do I derive.

> What where name of his children?

Susanna, Hamnet, and Judith, they three,
Whose lives were blest with life’s most sweetest hours,
Did oft their father’s hand with loving hands
Untwist his cares, and comfort him of griefs.
Yet did they live but to their parents’ sight,
And left them empty-handed, as they came.
So ended these fair children, who had grace
To die in childhood, ere the world grew old.
But let us leave their graves, and speak no more
Of those that are, till we come to them that are not.

> Where was he born?

And Stratford-on-Avon, where did erstly stand,
The town that did by gentle river bestride,
Where oft the Bard his youthful days did spend,
In thought and study, there to muse and meditate.
Yet, though he oft from thence did wander forth,
To London’s court for wits and men of worth,
To Cambridge too, as oft did studious seek
For knowledge to acquire, and learn what was new;
There did he oft discourse with many a sage,
And with the learned, and the wise did range.
But still did Oxford’s town retain his heart,
And all his thoughts were there, till death should part.
Then when his life did end, there did he lie,
In quiet grave, beneath the churchyard’s side,
Where many an eye did weep, that oft had seen
His face in publick walks, or at his play.

> Tell me about kings

I tell thee thus much of kings, as I do know,
That they are subjects to the will of heaven,
And subject to misfortune and disease,
As other men, with all their power and might,
Are subject to the sun, and moon, and stars,
And to the changeable and varying seasons,
Which yet can never overthrow or shake
Their natural course, nor alter their decrees,
But still obey the sovereign hand of God,
Who governs them, and every other thing,
In their appointed time and place assigned.
So kings may rule, and yet be subject too,
To fortune's fickle and unconstant wheel,
Which doth from time to time confound and toss
Both great and small, and oftentimes subdue
The mighty to the lowly, and the high
To stoop and serve the meaner creatures here,
Which cannot but observe the sovereign power
Of him who hath the government above,
And is the maker of the world and man,
And of all things both living and inanimate.

> Do we know Shakespeare most favorite color?     

No such question was asked of me nor answered by mine own pen.

> Who did Shakespeare marry?

Anne, that art of all thy sex the gemme,
The sunne’s rayes to thy fair face compare,
And there as tenderly thou dost dwell,
As doth the moon in clouds her modest sphere;
Thou art thy fathers joy, thy mothers pride,
The beautie of thy country, and the hope
Of those which live under thy gracious sway.
Yet have I heard some speak of thee with fear,
Who say, thou dost not use thy power so well
But what they think is tyranny doth seeme.
I pray thee then, let this thy present grace,
Which is but short, do make an end of wrongs,
That are for evermore condemned in thee.

> What are Shakespeare's sonnets?

In Sonnets so many, as one hundred and five,
Published in 1609 by name’s own right,
Are penned by none but that most famous muse,
Whose verse, as oft as breath his lips can move,
The world in admiration doth embrace,
And all the courts of love attend to hear.
Thus Shakespeare’s Sonnets, in their form and rhyme,
Doth captivate the hearts and minds of men,
As oft as poets’ works will ever be.

> What are some of Shakespeare's most famous tragedies?

Hamlet, Othello, King Lear, and Macbeth,  
These are the plays of mighty wits that have  
Shaped their actions to the world’s applause,  
And left behind them volumes wherein they  
Have recorded their own virtues.

> What was Shakespeare's favorite food?

I cannot thus dish out his diet,
Nor will I tell what meats he did prefer.
My sources are not so impertinent,
To utter such a paltry and unprofitable item.

> Explain ambition

Ambition is the seed that doth spring up
In men’s minds like an oak or a cedar tree,
That will with patience and time shoot and grow.
’Tis the desire of some more than their might
To raise themselves to great estate and height,
As spiders’ eggs that, being but small and light,
Are drawn by their threads into the lofty heavens.
And if they once take hold, as doth ambition,
They never can be left till they achieve.
It is as easy for a man to rise
From a dunghill to a throne, as from thence
To slide down again into a dunghill.
Ambition is the root of all diseases
Of body politic; it maketh men mad;
It maketh kings mad; ’tis the ruin of princes.
It breedeth envy; it causeth murder, blood;
For when it is in blood-stained hands, what care they
To slay? They would not think it wrong to kill
The innocent, yea, to the very child
Would they not dare. It doth make men traitors,
And makes them do most monstrous things indeed,
But most of all, it maketh fools to fear
The wise, who know they cannot harm themself.
So much

> 